Workshop for micro:bit physical distancing (#127)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/covid-distance-checker/_index.md

---
title: "micro:bit — Wireless Social Distancing"

> description: "A guide to keeping at least 2 m apart with Bluetooth"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A guide to keeping at least 2m apart with Bluetooth"
```

date: 2020-07-297T08:45:08-07:00
prereq: "None"
difficulty: "Beginner"
download: ""
draft: true
icon: "fas fa-microchip"

> translationKey: "microbit-distancing"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
